these paintings mean a lot to me as a
defender of the Palestinian cause I feel
proud because being from Gaza I'm
conveying to the outside world the
extent of the destruction migration and
displacement we're enduring I'm showing
the outside world the extent of the
suffering we are living in the Gaza
Strip
when I paint about the Palestinian cause
I feel immense Pride we are fighting for
our cause regardless of the Israel
occupation that is trying to erase our
cause and as a people of Gaza we are
resilient and
optimistic she's screaming and calling
for somebody to help her against the
blockade imposed by
Israel this painting depicts a broken
Diamond the isra believe they'll take
control but at the top of the painting I
use screen which represents a glimmer of
hope that the war will
end as an artist from Gaza who's
enduring the same suffering that
everybody is going through in the strip
I'm trying to convey the emotions Within
Me and the life I'm living in Gaza The
Hope pain and the despair that I'm
feeling these days people from Gaza are
very proud We are attached to our land
yes we have suffered immensely but we
remain steadfast I have created several
paintings that convey the suffering but
no matter how much I draw it will never
convey the whole picture the actual
scenes and the pain are so much bigger
and have taken over us every day we
witness massacres and bloody scenes I
try to express all these feelings on the
walls and I try to paint everywhere I go
my last mural was one of defiance I drew
the map of Palestine in an attempt to
convey the extent of our attachment to
our
cause make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer